# CS210-Programming-Languages
# Diana Diaz

The project I chose to attach for this repository is the third project of the course where I was instructed to create map with a list of different grocery produce items that were sold/purchased from a store from the time it opened to the time it closed. The assignment asked to give a total number of each item's frequency and also to display that digit as symbols. I had to created a menu for the user to select how they wanted to see this information and display the appropiate data based on the user's menu option choice.
I am proud I was able to complete this code and obtained the expected results, building the map was definetely a challenge but I was able to complete the program with help form tutors. As I am currently in my programming learning journey, I need guidance and a lot of analyzing to complete large codes. I am sure that with time and practice I will become more confident in my work and skills as a programmer. I notice when working with different tutors, they all have different ways of doing things or they show me a trick or tip which is definetely helpful. I'm sure as time goes on, I will also become more knowledgeable. These skills and confidence acquired through time will help me create code that is more efficient, readable, maintainable and adaptable.
I'm eager to apply what I've learned in this course to the rest of my academic career in this field. I'm eager to see how this course helps me in future courses and how it will help me when learning new skills.
